# Must-Best-sellers-for-a-Bookcase
Must Best-sellers for a Bookcase

Have you waited outside any book outlet in a long queue to get the hard copy of Harry Potter series or asked any friend to courier you the book that is banned in your nation. If you have done all that, then you have read many best-selling novels. Interesting details, captivating plots, larger than life characters and a bit of controversy are all a book needs to be the “sold out" on a stand. There are many novels whose sales have been surpassed the mark of 100 million and counted among the best-selling pieces of all time. So, Fifty Shades of Grey is not enough to boast about or to be placed in your book rack. Go and grab some of the best-selling fictions of all time.
<b>Don Quixote:</b>
Don Quixote is one of the timeless fictions and sold in 500 million copies till date. Written by Miguel de Cervantes in 1612, it depicts a story of a Spanish man who is inspired from the chivalry fiction and decided to save the helpless and poor from atrocities. It is a Spanish novel published in two parts. Many comic situated appears, as the protagonist stuck in troubles while performing heroic feat.
<b>A Tale of Two Cities:</b>
It is composed by Charles Dickens in 1859 and is estimated to be sold over 200 million copies. A plot of A Tale of Two cites has set against the backdrop of French Revolution and carries the theme of class struggle in France in London. The novel covers the miserable condition of peasantry class in France; an extravaganza of French aristocracy and the ruthless actions of revolutionaries. A Tale of Two Cities is known for several quotes like "It was the best of times; it was the worst of times." and “You have been the last dream of my soul."
<b>Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone:</b>
Harry Potter both in the novel and screen has been the major blockbusters of all time. On its publication in 1997, the novel established its writer J.K. Rowling one of the popular storytellers while serving reading delight to millions of children.
<b>The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe:</b>
It is the same novel, which inspired one of the blockbuster movies, “The Chronicle of Narnia". C.S. Lewis serves a perfect fantasy through an adventure trip to the mystical land, Narnia by four British Children during the World War II. TIME Magazine dubbed it as one of the best 100 novels of all time while it was ranked in ninth place in The Big Read, conducted by the BBC.
<b>Da Vinci Code:</b>
The bestseller received huge popularity and controversy as well upon its release, thanks to its storyline. It was launched in 2003 and sold over 80 million copies in ten years since its release. Many churches around the world, bluntly criticized the novel and alleged it for offensive content. The pages of Da Vinci Code cover an interesting narrative comprising of elements like Catholic Church, secret organizations, evil plots and invented “truth" of Jesus Christ. It also points towards the works of Leonardo da Vinci for several clues linked with the life of Jesus Christ.
<b>The Hobbit:</b>
J.R.R. Tolkien intended to write it to feed the children's imagination but was equally liked by the people of all ages. First published in 1937, the novel tells the story of hobbit, who was on the journey to get the hidden treasure. The Hobbit, or There and Back Again features several themes ranging from self-development, heroism, to war.
